Adding break glass feature (#18)
aws-samples/role-vending-machine: README.md

![RVM Workflow](assets/rvm-workflow.png)

## Break Glass Access Roles

Break glass access refers to a quick, emergency means for a person who does not normally have access privileges to certain AWS accounts to gain access in exceptional circumstances. This is done by using an approved process, similar to breaking the glass to trigger a fire alarm. The key use cases for break glass access include:

- Failure of the organization's identity provider (IdP)
- Security incidents involving the organization's IdP(s)
- Failures with IAM Identity Center
- Disasters resulting in the loss of the organization's cloud or identity management teams

![RVM Break Glass](assets/breakglass.png)

The Role Vending Machine takes a unique approach to managing break glass access, rather than creating dedicated break glass user accounts and roles in each AWS account. Instead, it:

> - Creates a temporary role with the requested permissions when break glass access is needed, deploying it directly in the target account.

Reviewer: Is this role actually temporary? Or is it just the credentials that are temporary?

Provide necessary information to prepare the repository for bootstrapping. Below is a list of files you need to modify:

> 1. `.github/workflows/.env`: provide RVM account ID (for both `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` and `TF_VAR_rvm_account_id` variables), AWS region, your GitHub organization name, and the level of IAM Access Analyzer finding that will break the pipeline. All other fields are optional to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `.github/workflows/.env`: provide RVM account ID (`TF_VAR_rvm_account_id` variable), AWS region, your GitHub organization name, and the level of IAM Access Analyzer finding that will break the pipeline. All other fields are optional to update.
```

- RVM main roles in RVM account[^2]
- An IAM OIDC provider in both RVM and target accounts[^3]

> - A verified email and domain with [Amazon Simple Email Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/Welcome.html) [^4]

Reviewer: From our Slack conversation, sounds like a verified domain is no longer needed

Author: Verified domain is not required for testing, but in production when different requesters with different emails request access, you need to verify the domain instead of each email address.

Reviewer: Weird. Wouldn't it make more sense to create an email dedicated to this (`breakglass@company.lab`) and register that in SES?

- "Optional" Terraform backend resources (S3 bucket and DynamoDB table)

[^2]: RVM uses two main roles with different permissions. One with read only permissions used with `terraform plan` action, and one with write permissions used with `terraform apply` action to deploy roles into target accounts.

[^3]: IAM OIDC providers are used by GitHub workflows to assume roles in AWS accounts.

> [^4]: To send emails from Amazon SES to your organization's email addresses, you must first [verify](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/creating-identities.html) the domain you will be sending from by adding the necessary DNS records to your domain's configuration.

Reviewer: Domain not necessary, right? Just individual email.

2. From terminal, navigate to `scripts/bootstrap` folder
   1. In the context of your RVM account, run `terraform init` to initiate Terraform.
   2. Run `terraform apply`, review the changes and approve to deploy RVM resources to RVM account. This will deploy IAM Main Role, and optionally Terraform backend resources.
3. Set up your SES account

>    1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the Amazon SES console at [https://console.aws.amazon.com/ses/](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ses/).

Reviewer: This is in the RVM account, yes?
